feat(docs): Add repo stats badges (#6697)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: README.md

[![GitHub repo watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Watchers)](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books/watchers)&#160;
[![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=whitesmoke&label=Repo%20Size)](https://github.com/EbookFoundation/free-programming-books/archive/refs/heads/main.zip)

</div>

The [Free Ebook Foundation](https://ebookfoundation.org) now administers the repo, a not-for-profit organization devoted to promoting the creation, distribution, archiving, and sustainability of free ebooks. [Donations](https://ebookfoundation.org/contributions.html) to the Free Ebook Foundation are tax-deductible in the US.

## How To Contribute

Please read [CONTRIBUTING](docs/CONTRIBUTING.md). If you're new to GitHub, [welcome](docs/HOWTO.md)! Remember to abide by our adapted from ![Contributor Covenant 1.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-1.3-4baaaa.svg) [Code of Conduct](docs/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) too ([translations](#translations) also available).

> Click on some of the following badges to filter by those items you could help to solve:

Author: Applied in 6a67c08978fa0278bcea154094b85f4791b305a8

<div align="center" markdown="1">

[![Awesome](https://cdn.rawgit.com/sindresorhus/awesome/d7305f38d29fed78fa85652e3a63e154dd8e8829/media/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome)&#160;&#160;
[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)&#160;&#160;
[![Contributor Covenant 1.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-1.3-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)&#160;&#160;

> [![Website: https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/](https://img.shields.io/website?down_color=red&down_message=down&up_color=green&up_message=up&url=https%3A%2F%2Febookfoundation.github.io%2Ffree-programming-books%2F&label=Website&logo=internet%20explorer&logoColor=whitesmoke&style=flat)](https://ebookfoundation.github.io/free-programming-books/)  

Reviewer: Can we change the logo from internet explorer.
I don't have any better suggestions really, only maybe a firefox or google chrome icon.

Reviewer: Internet explorer is planned to the deprecated on [15th June 2022](https://docs.microsoft.com/lifecycle/announcements/internet-explorer-11-end-of-support)

Author: Done at d141e975ce513b566284f9c20d230d811f9ee7cf

This list was originally a clone of [StackOverflow - List of Freely Available Programming Books](https://web.archive.org/web/20140606191453/http://stackoverflow.com/questions/194812/list-of-freely-available-programming-books/392926) with contributions from Karan Bhangui and George Stocker.

> The list was moved to GitHub by Victor Felder for collaborative updating and maintenance. It has grown to become one of [GitHub's most popular repositories](https://octoverse.github.com/), with 221,000+ stars, about 9,300 watchers, up to 6,900 commits, 1,900+ contributors, and 47,100+ forks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list was moved to GitHub by Victor Felder for collaborative updating and maintenance. It has grown to become one of [GitHub's most popular repositories](https://octoverse.github.com/), with 226,000+ stars, about 9,600 watchers, more than 7,000+ commits, 1,900+ contributors, and 47,700+ forks.
```

Reviewer: `up to`, to me, sounds uncertain to me, like we don't know how many commits there are, more than suits better IMO

Author: > `up to`, to me, sounds uncertain to me, like we don't know how many commits there are, `more than` suits better IMO

And what about `near` or `approximately`?

Reviewer: There needs to be the certainty, otherwise it sounds like a guess, also since the number isn't declining, `more than` suits better since the number will grow over time,
